source codes. Current methods of protecting VBA source codes are either very weak and can be easily hacked or very complex, costly and time consuming. Due to the growing need to protect VBA files, we decided to provide the first online Macro VBA file protection website with the help and advice of experts in this field. This project has been done under the advice and license of Behinteck Company. Regarding unparalleled quality of service and the highest degree of protection for VBA files at the lowest cost ProtectVBA is one of the most visited and trusted sites in this field.Ordinary users can use our services just like business users, without any changes in the quality of settings and layers of protection.

Why do you need this protection for your VBA source code ? You may need to protect your VBA source code for the following reasons:

All VBA files
We support all VBA files from MS Office, AutoCAD, ArcGIS, CATIA, Corel, Raw, SolidWorks, etc
2 .Easy and fast *Just drag and drop your VBA files on the page and click Protect button. Choose your desired services and options and receive your protected file quickly.

3 .In the cloud

All protection calculations take place in the cloud and no capacity from your computer will be consumed.
4 .Custom settings

Each service supports advanced options. For example for Obfuse service you can choose Hide visibility,Lock VB Editor and Lock User Edit.
5 .Security guaranteed

We do not collect your personal information and you can delete your files and your account completely. No one has access to your files and privacy is 100% guaranteed Read more about our Privacy Policy.
6 .All devices supported

ProtectVBA is an online browser-based service and works for all platforms. You don’t need to download and install any software.
Our services include almost all softwares that work with Macro VBA, including: MS Office 97 - 2019 [ Excel, PowerPoint, Word, outlook ,msproject , publish.], Visio, FrontPage, AutoCAD (.dvb), Inverter (.ivb), SolidWorks (.swp), Catia (.catvba), Microstation (.mvba), Corel WordPerfect, CorelDRAW and Photo-PAINT (.gms), ArcGis (*.mxd), etc.

This site supports these payment gateways:

paypal
pefectmoney
webmoney
We assure you that our website is highly secure and does not collect user data and information.If you encounter an alert from your antivirus, we recommend you to check your file before and after uploading it to our website with antivirus programs.You can see "Privacy and Terms of Use" for more information. Our website is very easy to use and your files will be protected quickly.

Regards, ProtectVBA
